About Fanorona:
Fanorona is a Madagascan game that appeared around 1680 and which has adopted an unusual and interesting form of capture.
The best and most common form of Fanorona is played on a 9 x 5 board. It starts with an almost entirely populated board as shown in diagram.
The objective of the game is to take all of the opponent's pieces.

Basic Play:
Players take turns to move one of their pieces. For each turn, a player either moves or captures.
To move a piece, it is simply moved along a line to an empty space on the board.
Capturing is compulsory, if it is possible, and is done in one of two ways.
Capture by Approach - A piece captures by moving to an adjacent empty point so that an enemy piece is on the next point in the direction of movement.
The enemey piece and any further enemy pieces forming an unbroken straight line in the same direction are taken.
Capture by Withdrawal - this is the reverse of capture by approach. If a piece begins next to an enemy piece and moves away from it in
an adjacent empty space in the opposite direction, then that enemy piece and any adjacently beyond it in an unbroked straight line
line are captured and removed from the board.

Once a player has made a capture, if another capture move is possible, the player must play it and so on until no more capturing
moves are possible.

Sometimes, a piece is in the lucky position of being able to capture by approach and by withdrawal in the same move. In this case,
only one type of capture is allowed - the player decides which.

Capture Move Restrictions
You cannot capture in the same direction as the previous capture move.
You cannot return to a point previously occupied during the multiple capture move.

The first time a player captures in each game, only a single capture is allowed - the player's turn ends immediately the first
capture move is taken.

About Fanorona on 3x3 board:
Each player has three pieces. Once all pieces are placed, players take turns moving pieces one spot to an adjacent point along
the lines trying to make three in a row (they are no captures allowed there, only paika moves). This game is much easier comparing
to Fanorona game on different boards.

-----
Additional rule:
Before picking your first piece, you can decide to let your enemy start by presing 'F'.

.....